Gwenevere Abriel: Jay Jay Williamson in the record Justin Allen Williamson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry. I was like, I saw you in. Oh, I, I just, I just had to keep talking with this particular individual. So sorry.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was my
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's going good. I ended up traveling on Monday, I was on an airplane.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I had to cancel my appointments and now I'm in a, I guess it's like a Dark Zone in Wi Fi. There's like nobody's getting my texts out here. I can't sometimes them receive them, sometimes I don't. It's a nightmare. I'm so used to big city where everything goes through, like, I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like a. Now, what do you mean you didn't get my text. And sure enough, there's this big red exclamation mark that says not delivered. Like, what the f is that
Jay: My phone does that
Jay: In the beginning of the month because I guess the payment plan is on the beginning of a month, instead of the month.
Jay: So, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like it.
Jay: Yeah, mine does that all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not used to it. It's pissing me off, man.
Jay: Where you at another cookie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Santa Fe like Boondocks. Ah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, I'm out of nowhere. Just been you on trees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, though, Lord, and Lord
Jay: I used to clean those highways whenever I was in prison.
Jay: Oh yeah, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to be out here. It's quite dry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very dry very dry, but my hair behave so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those are priorities for us ladies.
Gwenevere Abriel: As long as their hair is good. Although I did good hair and good cell reception and then you've got a happy woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you. How Was Your Week, talk, talk to me.
Jay: Shit. I've been busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, doing what man.
Jay: Couldn't hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any pictures if you didn't show me the faces. Can I see what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fades and all
Jay: I have, how do I send that to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Um,
Jay: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you can screen share. Do you have a way to share
Jay: There we go. I'm doing it right now.
Jay: Will do my business card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Nice. I see the business card.
Jay: Okay, I'm
Jay: Who I logged out. Sorry.
Jay: Okay.
Jay: Let me try another one.
Jay: Doing pretty good. I wish I could show you more at a time.
Jay: I have a collage, though, I got a cup level.
Jay: Let's do this one first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Oh, I like I could really see the face down on the bottom right.
Jay: Yeah, that one's a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, and almost looks like it's the shape of the dude's head that that makes the challenge for you know
Jay: Yeah, it's because you have to go. You have to curve with the head to get it and then you have to blend it.
Jay: Yeah, um, let me see. I got one more.
Jay: For me, I got a bunch more. But throw individual
Gwenevere Abriel: What about starting your own business. What are your thoughts on that.
Jay: That's what I'm doing. I just started a business page on Facebook and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. JS faith that rolls right off the tongue to I really like it.
Jay: And then this was my original
Jay: I guess virtual business card.
Jay: This one that I've been thrown on Facebook like crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do people. Um, they just hit you up on your cell phone like hey, come. Here's my address come over
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Wow.
Jay: I do house pizza, Tony.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nobody's freaking out about Corona coven SARS, whatever. That's called this week. No.
Jay: I mean, if they are. They don't seem to me.
Jay: That people are doing bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, I need my rich done
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here I got my camera up above my route lines. So I look like a blonde.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't do me any good when I tell everybody does it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to do I need to learn to zip it
Jay: To your own secret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I always go for the job. That's why I say that's my fly go for the joke I always go into the joke.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so you've been busy loving that okay here's, here's the $50,000 question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been throwing up
Jay: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Jay: No, we did it.
Jay: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so cool.
Jay: And I've been sitting in such a better mood. I'm working all the time.
Jay: I just feel much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of ask the right questions keep in communication with people because you never know what little phrase what little thing, then you'll get somebody who knows something about something that's
Gwenevere Abriel: JUST ASKED THE RIGHT THING. The more we keep talking. Someone knows some little nugget.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can make the difference. You know,
Jay: That's what I was telling my step dad day before yesterday. It's crazy how just changing one of my medications made that much difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm just glad to be a part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Victorious
Jay: Now, I still get I still get like six my stomach. You know, like I feel like I want to throw up. But it passes.
Jay: Okay. It comes in waves and see. That's how it was before. I used to throw up and it would come in waves, it would happen for, like, you know, an hour or two and then it would stop for about six. This was while I was in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Jay: That's when they were telling me that it was my liver liver and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that that piece is still there. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. So that sounds like liver and then what may have been the add on is the allergy to the analog zone.
Jay: Yes. And that was having me throw the ball do everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so that, so maybe that's what we're to
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I could run across the person that could fix my ears, make it all about me today. Shall we know. Hahaha. All right, let me open a note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we're busy and how has your mind been hasn't been trying to mess with you until you ain't worth it. You're not going to make it. Let's go use or has it been saying hey we're kicking ass we're doing great. Look, we're feeling better, we're on the right track.
Jay: Yeah, it's I've had plenty of opportunities to use and I didn't
Jay: Um, I'm just, I'm trying to get that money.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, are you, are you on the side are you dealing at all.
Jay: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you selling drugs at all.
Jay: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just asking. Because sometimes when people want money, they go that route and it scares me only because there's a lot at stake with
Jay: You. Yeah.
Jay: You did, yeah. But that was that was before my haircuts started coming into play. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I gotta tell you, for someone is conservatives me to get on an airplane with a kid the world because I'm like dad loves math wash your food. I'm like cuckoo. It says to me, that we're starting to open up
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if I'm out willing to go out there, then the message must be getting out to us cuckoo birds.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this little path in my garage. Like I would only come back from Costco and only I could walk through this little blue path. So yeah, my family's like okay then and now she's on an airplane. What this is not the reality we're used to. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope I'm not killing everyone in my family, having traveled, but they said, go for it. Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm excited. I think our economy is going to make it through. We've got to be working
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so. The reason I got on a plane is because what I was hearing was the viral load right the infection pressure, it needs to be like high like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, wow, that much of that viral load right the much as much of it, versus, you know, my chicken. The rapping on the plastic, not so much. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I hope it's true because I went shopping for the first time without wiping everything down. So if I'm sick and 40 days you'll go. I'm gonna go and have your was right. She needs to wipe down that chicken.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so business is going well. We have a deep, we're back to. So the baseline misery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not funny but kind of fine and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We have YOU'RE GETTING GETTING A LITTLE desperate in the thinking because you really needed money and remind me again what the urgency is for the money. What, what's the intensity of needing money for
Jay: Oh well, at the time it was because I wanted to buy an ounce. A week and I didn't have the money. Hmm. That's what it started out as and then
Jay: I started seeing that I could be self sufficient. So I haven't gotten gas or cigarettes and my mom. I've got
Jay: Nothing in the past month. So that's the urgency of is, I want to be self sufficient.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. Want to be an adult, want to be on your own not dependent
Jay: And I just wanted
Jay: To my mom and my stepdad that I really am trying to change and I might not be able to get a paying job right now, but I can get out there and hustle, the legitimate way and make just as much money.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you do see the irony right of the stinking thinking. Right. That said, why don't you go sell some to have a legitimate life, you do see that how fucked up. That is right.
Jay: In the beginning it was just for me. That's what I was going to sell drugs for was
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you hear it. You hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Mom and Dad, I was trying to do the right thing. I was trying so I sold drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: If those don't go together. Do they
Jay: Talk about here cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. But I asked you earlier. Let me make sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier. Were you thinking of selling selling drugs and you said yes. Starting to in order to make money to have weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you see the two things of I'm trying to be an independent person who doesn't get in trouble anymore and ended up, but I'm going to do it by selling a drug, those two things they don't they don't go together. That's what I'm trying to point out
Jay: The person just because I thought about it doesn't mean I put the process in play, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it right. Is it didn't get done. And is it because you saw in your mind. They don't go together. They don't go together. I got to do a legit thing.
Jay: I'm not a good drug dealer. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can't be the answer.
Jay: all end up getting high. That's my answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll go with that. For now, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was kind of hoping you would see the the incongruity of it.
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it would be a bit hypocritical to say, hey, I want this law abiding life. But over here. Wow. Wink, wink wink wink.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the truth of the matter is,
Gwenevere Abriel: You had it and you must have countered. It was something just in time to not take action on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you say to yourself, it got you to not sell
Jay: Well, end up getting on a good night.
Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is it that you're still running into opportunities. Well, you're hanging out with us. There's different opportunities that you've had to decline.
Jay: No, it's not that I'm hanging out with them. It's the people's hair cut, because I have to go to people's houses to click through. So naturally, I'm stepping into whatever environment that
Jay: I got it.
Jay: I didn't think about it at first, until, until it happened to me.
Jay: And I had the situation. Good. And I'm just professional
Jay: If it's not about the money. If it's not about the haircut.
Jay: Then I don't talk about it. I don't gossip about people. I don't, you know what I mean, if they asked me if I know somebody yeah i'll tell you if I know somebody, but I can tell you how a normal. You know what I mean.
Jay: Okay, about the haircut business or you know what they got going on in their life. I don't talk about it.
Jay: So whenever they start getting high in the living room while was cutting hair. I just stayed in homes on. You know what I mean, collect my money and left.
Jay: That's happened about three times now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on one hand it's great that you got to have real time testing you got tested.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just notice you pass those tests, but you've also said, watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm around it all us so they exist at the same time. This one might be a bit of some rationalization saying I need the money. I can do this. I can have what you guys call willpower. You think that that's the case. But having the stuff nearby all someone may do is say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do a little and you like the person you're talking to. And this looks like fun. It's high risk. Somebody's got to say it, you know, your therapist is the one to do it. I'll be the bad guy here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I love that you're you're making money, but it is high risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: With those folks, is there any one more step that you could take because it's really I don't want to see it. I don't want to know that you're doing it. I don't want to smell it. I, you know what I mean, even if you get a sense that for a lot of people are quite the trigger, because
Gwenevere Abriel: It the memory connection with a sense of something
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just
Jay: My triggers are syringes spoons.
Jay: And
Jay: The dope that goes in them. You know what I mean. So if there's smoking. It doesn't bother me never has because that
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay. Well, that's a good sign. But you know how life is. Right. You know, you now there's going to be a syringe a suede is because it messes with you. It's going to test you like that. So here's my question because I got to do the therapist dance here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there one thing that you could say, Hey, Joe. Cool, cool, cool. We're down for tomorrow, noon, your place. Got the address here it is just texting confirm Coco. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: This will be your style. You're not going to talk like me. Obviously, I'm in. I'm recovery. I can't, I can't be around any alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any weed. It can't be around any dope. Is it going to be cool if I'm away from that for just even the 45 minutes that I'm over there cutting your hair. Oh yeah, man. No problem. No problem. No problem. Now, that's the way I talk right. I know it's very square
Gwenevere Abriel: But in your world. If I was a customer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do a quick role play. Can I just see what you come up with on what you could do to protect your recovery. Because honestly, everything's at stake.
Jay: Does not bother me.
Jay: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: It can you indulge me
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gimme gimme gimme a name of a customer who would who would I be
Gwenevere Abriel: Benny
Gwenevere Abriel: Isaac.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Jay, I saw your ad on Facebook. Nice fades. Man, can you come by tomorrow at four I can text you my address
Jay: That's what I do. I just text.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm Isaac. What do you say to me right to me.
Jay: So yeah, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, if you were protecting your recovery. If you because you may, you may not take what I'm saying. Seriously. And, and so then you're going to say, oh, doesn't bother me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's say you did because we're just making believe right now we're pretending. What could you text or say to me, to protect your recovery, because it is central to your life.
Jay: As well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend we're talking
Jay: Just like you said that I'm in recovery. I don't know how I see it. I would have to be on the food. It's kind of doing these role plays and stuff like that the situation is not bothering this kind of it just
Jay: I think we can have something
Jay: I think about something better than that, nothing that I'm doing. It's not bothering me. You know I'm saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's shift gears to just imagine that you were selling
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you said there'd be temptation is the because it's in your hand.
Jay: Yeah, because they know I could do whatever I want with it. If I want to go get high and go give me this range, and I can get high.
Jay: So because all it takes.
Jay: All it takes is for me to have the dope in my pocket and that one misfire in my mind, and I'm going to get hot.
Jay: It's a lot easier for me to
Jay: Ignore it.
Jay: If I don't have it on you to me.
Jay: Because I no longer look for it. I no longer jump on my phone and try to find it. I've cut the
Jay: Cut my reaction time to wanting to get high. You know I'm saying, Yeah, when I want to go. Hi. The, the thought in the craving doesn't last as long as it used to.
Jay: And I think
Jay: That that's because I've been being more vigilant and I've been being more on top of shit. You know what I mean, I'm starting to realize I'm starting to realize that there's a different approach to life.
Jay: You know, before I knew I could get a job and work and get money my hardest part was finding the job. So what am I going to do now. I can't do nothing.
Jay: Can you money for gas money for cigarettes. Screw it. This guy's gonna give me a 20 I could sell half of that. Give me my tail books and get high. You know what I mean that's how my old mind would be right, but now I got this outlet where I can go here and it's it's different. I know.
Jay: It's a totally different approach to life. It's different lifestyle than trying to embrace it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it feels totally different for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the dopes not in your pocket and there's no one misfire
Gwenevere Abriel: But from out here from a distance from far far distance. This is how it looks out here. Look at my here's my shoulder and someone says, you know, a man
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't actually have any money. But here I just stuck in your pocket a bag.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know you're saying the eight. It doesn't bother me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on the side of mitigating which minimizing any risk. Like, that's the site. I'm on to protect you. I don't care about the addict. Like, I have no respect for him. And you'll see that again and again I care about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to fight for you and I'm going to be saying, as if you were like this, this little boy right. I'm not going to have it around so that you could accidentally because look at how far away my pocket is from that couch or that coffee table that's five steps away.
Gwenevere Abriel: How quickly could get to my pocket and one misfire to me literally logistically inches and feet away.
Gwenevere Abriel: From such a
Gwenevere Abriel: Use you could use. So I know I hear what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if there is some minimization, because maybe you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't tell me I can't do hair like that might be the big thing. Like when, don't, don't even try and get away with this. I'm finally doing something awesome don't don't don't mess with it. Is that kind of what you're thinking.
Jay: No, I mean, I just, I've been in these situations that you're talking about guys still owes me 10 bucks, because he thought he could pay me and dope.
Jay: Those three days ago. And that's why I said Isaac, because that's one
Jay: And I'm still waiting on him to pay me but
Jay: I will cut his hair again unless he pays
Jay: Nice document.
Gwenevere Abriel: Itself that that does feel the difference
Yeah.
Jay: I had one friend whenever I got out of prison and he totally just a disappointed me a couple weeks ago. So I don't have no friends. So the way I see it is
Jay: I'm not doing for nobody unless
Jay: They got some money unless it's worth my time and it's I feel with my time. So my needs some help and I feel like they need to know
Jay: But I'm no longer putting myself out.
Jay: For other people because I'm sick of feeling pushed out left behind and you know I get blamed for why am I getting blame somebody else problems. And one thing
Jay: You did. And so now I'm just, I don't got no friends like this guy, Isaac. I've known him for us but
Jay: He's not my friend. He's a customer.
Jay: So if you don't got my money. I don't got a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. This is a professional relationship. This is a business transaction know bartering I don't barter just cash money.
Jay: Will see and I told him. It's crazy, because you sell drugs and you ain't gonna fucking money.
Jay: The Hill. You know what I mean, what's wrong with that the whole time. He said, My cherry talked about biggest volume, he was
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, please. He's got the money it's gotten 10 boards. Give me a break.
Jay: That's what I said. I was like, but it's cool.
Jay: Like, keep it rubbing your chest. Don't ask me from there as you got my money. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what happened with your friend.
Jay: Now he just
Jay: He called me at one o'clock in the morning he woke me up. You know what I mean. And
Jay: He wanted me to go take us a week. That's almost one o'clock.
Jay: And
Jay: So he takes me back to that I need help. So I texted what's going on. He didn't text me back, and I fell back asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jay: I woke up, I woke back up the next morning and I'm blocked on his account, his girlfriend, he texts me from her account telling me to stay in my own lane, and then I'm blanking on her account.
Jay: Oxide. He wanted to take my joy and want to collect because he was tweeting
Gwenevere Abriel: He's using math.
Jay: Yeah, he started using it.
Jay: So I'm good. I don't need no friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, what if we look at more like you do. But first thing change people, places, things you're changing your people, you're, you're doing a huge step, huge, huge, huge
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was DIPPING INTO THE PLACES thing. Try and keep it real safe. Okay, but I can. I heard a little bit more. And it's like, you know, you're actively staying you're awake and
Gwenevere Abriel: Conscious but remember the addict is smarter than all of us. It's pretty slick okay smarter than all ever be.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that's why we say it's kind of baffling and all that it will find a way to convince you that getting even closer and closer and closer to it is fine because guess what I did find last time I'll be fine. This time. And then the third time, but the 54th time
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that one. How did you call it.
Gwenevere Abriel: misfires
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened to be on a day when someone broke a promise and you felt small stupid something like the combination of some kind of effort update just. That's it. I'm done.
Jay: We'll see that day after all that stuff happened because it wasn't just him. There was a girl.
Jay: That did something similar. She, she started going out with the dude. And I had my fire stick should at her house was like hope you don't think I'm a dick, but can't get my stuff that I mean I don't want him take my shit.
Jay: She started getting stupid like, Oh, well, I wanted to be with you and this and that. But this and that. And I'm like, first of all, you don't say nothing to nobody. So how you're going to blame me for that. And number two, I'm done.
Jay: Don't talk
Jay: Don't text me I don't got nothing for you. I'm not the reason why you with this dude. You don't seem like why are you blaming me for that.
Jay: And so I just left my sheet over there. She to have it I want nothing from her and then Joelle. Put that shit. Later that night,
Jay: So the next day. I didn't even come here. I was in such a bad mood. I told my mom good I counsel to appointments. I could I just couldn't send you. I probably go yeah hi
Gwenevere Abriel: There, that was it. That was you protect you. High five. Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: badass. That's it. That's where you register. I am having intense emotions. Right. I need to address these or I will do what I always did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing a happy dance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, getting to
Jay: kind of pay attention.
Jay: To myself a little more
Gwenevere Abriel: like it. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eventually, our community will will give us
Gwenevere Abriel: Just regular, you know, mental health days just, you know, wellness days.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you like eating your vegetables. You know what, I'm starting to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: About every three months. No. Oh, did you take your wellness day. Well, how do you take a yoga class you do in your meditation someday maybe not. If not, your lifetime, maybe, you know, your children's lifetime kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, it's on its way. I think someday we'll all get that mindset that feeling goods important
Jay: It's really
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm proud of you. So you know how earlier you said let's just talk about something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what is it that you kind of want to talk about
Jay: I'm enjoying talking about my haircut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So tell me what the heck was that where it was fade Anna on over a, is that a men's like the hair thing when you got no hair the flop it over.
Jay: A cool over
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, is that when you're kind of balls for real, but you really kind of pretend like you don't
Jay: Well, I mean, kind of
Jay: What is
Jay: The comb over come over nowadays is a comb over with the hard part. So basically, it's going to be long hair on top. It's going to be blended in
Jay: A little bit longer on the site. It's not really but there's nothing in the back. It goes all the way up to the cowlick in the back. You know what I mean. They have lays over
Jay: And there's a part right here and you put it with the clippers in that seat. Then there's a gentleman's cut, which is similar but you you don't go as far up with the with the zero
Jay: And you still coming over. And it's, you know, it's what the old man. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that now I know don't want didn't know what it was called but um yeah I keep messing I keep I do, I do. I cut my little ones here so
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's just like, don't mess with this. Don't mess with the front like if you can't see your eyes, you can. It's just typically your face. I want to put a bobby pin in it, you know, and he's just like, don't touch stuff right just get the sidebars Robert
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to bribe the kid. And it's not because I suck. I'm pretty i'm not i'm not too bad. I got some skills. I think I don't know. I guess I watch you know I watched the Barbara and watch you watch got got some fancy clippers.
Gwenevere Abriel: I watch. I watch. But it's that in between the super the low, low stuff and the long piece here that I have a hard time. And one of my boys has a Celtic here and here. So I can't. I can never get the swoosh I could never get swoosh
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very
Jay: DO, IS TRY coming at it.
Jay: Like this. Keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Low okay like that.
Jay: barely hit it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yeah over
Jay: And keep moving it up just a little at a time until you get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Jay: In the back whenever you do the zero too long.
Jay: Yes, start low
Jay: Now, barely do it. Adjust your papers barely do it and then start building up i don't know i
Gwenevere Abriel: Think the
Gwenevere Abriel: Journal morale round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round. Hey, Happy
Jay: I could show you better than I could tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I the clipper I handle that. It's just right on the clipper comes in, it's right at that line that I get a little bit like I'd like it to be smoother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've also done that thing where, you know, you take that here like this. Like so long part and then I take a different one. And I literally shave like not with shape, but try and make that part like really deeper thing.
Jay: That's called the hard part. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard part I do the hard part and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and a lot of years ago I did when it was cute. You know, I did a little lightning bolt.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the background sounds like, well, let's see how it goes will grow back in a few days, if I mess it up real a lightning bolt in the back of his head. That's pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Books now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's not cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about us ladies, you don't want to give us any attention. Why don't you want to cut her hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you want to cut our hair.
Jay: I mean, I will. I just, I never have.
Uh huh.
Jay: I think one thing
Jay: I learned my girlfriend's here one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did she like it.
Jay: Yeah, but
Jay: I don't know, I'm not comfortable enough to solicit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you, I got you.
Jay: I wouldn't
Jay: If I go to school for this. That's what I want to go to school for us to do women's here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me hear it now I'm hearing. Now let's talk
Jay: I know how to do man's here.
Jay: But that's what I want to learn how to do is women's here because I see it as a to me. It's a type of art. It's an expression of work to me. Yeah, I take my time and I
Jay: Tell you might be over here. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember this one time I was in South Beach.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much younger and and this guy, this this hairdresser, and I go sit down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he disappears. Right. He goes in the back and then I catch it catch an eye on what he's doing. I swear. He was like psyching himself up for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then he came to my chair and he liked stared at my head. I got, I don't have a lot going on. It's not a lot to do here, but he had a mission that was like a spiritual thing for him. So he's looking at my head of hair and I swear he he just he grabbed it and when and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was like he was in some sort of trance, or something and he got into it like this is South Beach, like right on the beach. You know, he so when you said an art. It made me think of that guy like he wasn't just your regular
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: You got into
Jay: Felton yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, What is going on. I was like, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like the passion. I like the passion. Okay.
Jay: Sometimes I get really into it too.
Jay: Yeah, like, yeah, there's a couple of the haircut. You could tell when I really got into it.
Jay: I mean just the photos I can look at them and tell you which ones.
Jay: I was really psyched about doing it's the type of hair because you could tell. Whenever you go in and start cutting some ways here how it's gonna turn out if it's real thin. Yeah, you know, you're gonna have shadows in it and it's gonna
Jay: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell them to say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you won't get this look. But if you let me do it longer, you won't have the. Do you like educate them a little bit
Jay: For the most part, they tell me what they want.
Jay: Uh huh. I basically tell them what I'm going to do for them.
Jay: Okay, I do what makes him look good. Like yesterday, this kid wanted
Jay: A high paid and instead, I did a medium pay
Jay: And good thing because ended up liking it.
Jay: Because the high paid to me would have looked to a military on him. He's graduating high school
Gwenevere Abriel: I was about to say that
Jay: So I left to go a little long on top and I do me a favor.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jay, forgive me for getting excited but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're thinking about going and getting trained. Yeah, where
Jay: I don't know, I owe student loans, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Much. So what, how much, how much do you all have you got
I'm
Jay: Only like 1600 dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny. Now,
Jay: I would have had paid off. But I went to prison for nine years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that money is going to get paid 1600 totally, totally doable, where
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying you haven't gone online and looked around at
Jay: Take you the truth when I still got jury trial in July. I'm expecting to go back to prison. So I'm really not trying to plan pass them.
Jay: Because then if it does happen. I'm going to prison and start getting high and prison because I'm going to feel like a failure, you know, to me, so I'm just trying to keep everything simple right now and just see what happens.
Jay: make as much money as I can do and what I do and
Jay: We'll see what happens after that my mom already said that she would help me pay for college courses. So we have a question. I told you scoot down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we do know where
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we do number. Okay, so it's hard for me to buy in with that but you have taught me. You said listen
Gwenevere Abriel: I get down on myself when I perceive I failed, and I do know you have taught me that I'm think I'm gonna sneeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not wait
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it past
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. It's gone.
Jay: Look up at the sun.
Jay: Light and it makes me sneeze.
Jay: Know, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a bunch of dots in my eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I wish I could
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweep that away for you that not wanting to feel like like a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I never did send you my
Gwenevere Abriel: I had so much going on. I don't think did I send you the perfectionism thing to ever get that done.
Jay: I think we did
Gwenevere Abriel: You asked for it to be sent to you. I just see if I put it in your text.
Jay: Might have
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been maybe last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking
Jay: Oh yeah, look. On May 11 I wrote down right here. I turned down submit this week, and I think that was brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh man, it was
Jay: That's crazy.
Jay: That was on the 11th.
Jay: So I've been doing good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're have. So this notion member I had started reading that perfectionism article. Right. Remember that you liked it. You said, Send it to me. I could have sworn I did but but the bottom line is you didn't finish reading it doesn't matter why or how but I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even think because I'm on my laptop. I don't have anything on me. But I'll track it down again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this thing that you do to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not allowed. Just you. Everybody else I imagine or wheel. Am I allowed to fail.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What, wait what
Gwenevere Abriel: Get away with it.
Jay: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you sit on it for a second, then you don't know why you do it. Yes, you do know. So think about it. Let's just play with that a little bit. Why do I get permission to fail. I get to start something. Do I get to stop halfway through change mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't get permission to boy. If I started, I better finish it.
Jay: Yeah, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I changed my mind. I don't want to it anymore.
Jay: I don't know, I try to hold people to the weird I behave. So if I say I'm do some I'ma do it. So if somebody tells me they're gonna do something, I expect
Jay: If not, if it's disrespectful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see if I can. I'm going to give a tangible example and sit with this for a few minutes because this is a core. This is a core belief you have about the way the world works and how you're supposed to be and it might rob you
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the riches.
Gwenevere Abriel: And opportunities that that life has to offer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Heck, it just happened. I started this concrete job three different things. I did the knockdown
Gwenevere Abriel: And these are things I've
Gwenevere Abriel: NEVER DONE BEFORE find you so I did it, I was like, Oh my gosh, it looks like some of the knockdown is, um, you know, the texture is coming off. So I'm talking to my uncles and
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, is this me. Is this the wrong composition is too much water like what the heck is that, did I just scrape the whole damn thing off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they looked and I put the camera and they said, now it looks like it's just the edge and it's just a thinner, you should be fine. And so then so so I'm in New Mexico. Now, and that is literally exposed with no seal. No pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of me.
Jay: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, I left it incomplete undone and I flew to New Mexico and it rains there. It's so rainy in Florida right now is like rained on getting rained on right now. What do you think of me.
Jay: That's you. That's you, that's your own project.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, come on. Be one next level. This is this, you can do it. What do you think of me that I dropped that project and left it half done and I could be causing harm to the very thing that I work so hard at. Come on.
Jay: In order for me to compose an opinion. I would have to see multiple situations of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would want to see a pattern of I start and stop start and stop start and stop then you would formulate What opinion of me, what would it be, do you think
Jay: Which don't finish your projects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you want to know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sure you want it. Or maybe I'm just not trustworthy and you really can't rely on her because she doesn't finish where she starts
Jay: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, guess what might be two reasons, I might start and stop multiple projects.
Jay: One time there.
Jay: Was a lot of different
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you just now you got to keep it. Keep it real with me. No, no, you got no time to hide anything from me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there any moment where you thought
Gwenevere Abriel: What a loser.
Jay: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why she finished her shit didn't think of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did that to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your justifications for stopping something whenever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not a good enough reason
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder why that is but you don't get to start and stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do see you might be telling yourself something about what that means to not follow through with something you started
Gwenevere Abriel: It means something to you when you aren't able to finish something through to how you expected something to be it has meaning for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say about you that you didn't finish what you started
Jay: With I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that sounds like a step dad kind of thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like something like we come from an adult like parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the truth. Think about a project right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you put energy into and you're going to have to the hard part is you've got, you know, a lot of substance use in your history. So I want you to be able to see a pure and clean one where you can really see that you started something
Gwenevere Abriel: And something else got your attention was a competing priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you went with this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't have to answer to anybody. You just made a decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put energy. You can only put energy and focus really decent focus into one thing at a time. We're going to a halfway decent job, but there was a competing priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and you went with this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there ever been a time where you like. That's just the way life is, I had this demand on me this demand on me and this demand on me I couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull it off because all my energy and resources were pulling me this way my original destination was over here, but then all of this attention was needed here. I had to go that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have projects like that where you're like, Hey, I made a decision that was competing demands and I went left when originally, I thought I'd go right
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you think of any.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Jay: I mean, I guess, whenever I was working from home alone and then now I started cutting hair. So I went with that.
Jay: Well, still trying to my model.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's offer a recent one. Let's see if this is applicable. You had two more clients that were scheduled for the next day and you canceled them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I happen they happen. I just saw one because you shared a little story. I need money.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to follow through with my business. I want to keep my wrap up for keeping books all the things that go with keeping those two appointments money rep continuing professional reputation spread the word. Then there's more customers a lot goes on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know what over here was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm exhausted. I'm I'm what whatever you were what were you what was over here.
Jay: I was just emotionally just
Gwenevere Abriel: A wreck. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you had a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't follow through with something
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that you didn't try. All you did was turn your attention and energy somewhere else. That's it. We can only ever do that, we're always choosing choosing choosing choosing all the time. Where is the best. How can I budget this amount of attention and energy and concentration
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's urgent. Yes, money is important. Yes, my rep is is my business practice in is important, but what's urgent.
Gwenevere Abriel: My mental health because, you know, what if I can't hold that together. I'm going to want to get high. And then you know what's going to happen. I'm back in custody.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made a choice in no point would anyone ever if they were rational say to you know what Jay, you are really trying. No one's gonna ever say that
Gwenevere Abriel: No one. No one in my world.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all it ever is, is we're constantly choosing. Oh, and sometimes they're so close. They're like, neck and neck how they're both good choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're tough ones to make
Gwenevere Abriel: But choose, we must like Yoda choose, we must
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you chose you really glad you chose you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are going to be more haircuts there's going to be more
Gwenevere Abriel: But the victory of having remembered that your sobriety.
Gwenevere Abriel: is central to everything right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to remember that I hope when your post with another decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: That someone else might say, are you fucking week
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else might say something nasty like that, but what you think and how you decide, and you measure what's your priority. That's the only thing that I'm interested in is how you but up those two choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were one tips the scale, one goes like this is what I want to hear about
Gwenevere Abriel: Not what everybody else thinks we're getting rid of the negative people you're doing it now. You're seeing it. You're getting rid of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not on the side of my recovery, then you're not on the side of health my gross you're not on this side. We'll talk later see things change down the line. I'm just gonna hang over here. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you next think you're going to be confronted with having to face this belief about yourself that if you start something you sure better finish it.
Jay: So one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No problem. When do you think the next decision is going to be where you're going to be having to make a decision that's based on your philosophy of if I start something I have to finish it. What's the next thing likely to come
Jay: Next,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And if he goes. Cool. And we'll get high together, then what do you do
Jay: Why we you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I mean, before you even get there. He says, Great. We can also get high. Right.
Jay: What's up, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a competing priority. Remember, you're going to finish this haircut you booked it you're going to finish it. But guess what happened recovery was a competing
Gwenevere Abriel: Priority it isn't that you didn't try to be this this good businessman. It's that this. It's just urgent. It's just more urgent, this has to be on point or this
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not gonna be interested in cutting hair as soon as you get high you to be like die, no better way to make money. Forget that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This notion you have I just wonder if it's outdated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Something, it means i'ma if I don't finish it on a failure. That sounds like a step dad kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we tell kids because we have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: The resilience to help them follow through with things. But that's not true, as we're adults, we have that inside of us. We already know how to finish projects inside of us. We know how we don't need it from the outside world anymore from a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure hope you keep doing what you're doing. I liked your choices. I think those are things to be proud of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, keep journaling up because when you see it, then you're like, Dang. Last week I was tested like a MoFo.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're all over the place.
Right.
Jay: Look back it was it
Jay: Was that long to go. I thought it was. That was just the other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at the schedule and see if we can schedule something to get
Gwenevere Abriel: A pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to meet at
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: On
Gwenevere Abriel: June.
Jay: 2
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and here's a client that I talked to about making sure you didn't smoke cigarettes before you put it sublingual. Have you noticed any benefit from it absorbing because that that may have something to do with the nausea to like you might be getting the right amount of medicine.
Jay: I really haven't
Jay: Gotten boost.
Oh,
Jay: The last three days, I've taken from before I smoke because normally I would smoke. First, but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Good that because that means right because they the smoking causes of constriction, it'll decrease the amount of absorption. So keep keep doing the no smoke before
Gwenevere Abriel: Strapped okay if you're good with it. I've got June 2 at nine a
Gwenevere Abriel: Trip June.
Jay: 2 and third
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Now, Jay. I'm telling everyone this
Gwenevere Abriel: I have been texting people. This is a dark shadow black zone in Santa Fe. There's like nothing here. I can't receive. Sometimes I don't get your texts for like a day later.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent text I get that red message with the exclamation mark not delivered. So this appointment right now that we're booking. This is the only confirmation. We're going to have unless in group we, you know, I'll probably say them, but you're not going to get the fancy
Gwenevere Abriel: Conference, or to see text because i can't i you guys don't get them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope someone texted you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, she's here but ago but um
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is it. This is us confirming our appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. There we go.
Jay: Somebody was me. Sorry, I put on Do Not Disturb and it still goes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of get it. So we're confirmed. So just assume we're good to go. Okay. If not, it would be, you know, bright heart health with call you. I might try to call you, but I can't. My phone doesn't work here, just, I don't know how anybody survives.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, um, so that's our appointment, even if you don't hear from me. Okay, good. I'll see on Monday.
Jay: What boy.
My
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Katrina.
Gwenevere Abriel: Katrina.
Katrina Gutierrez: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's log off and come right back.